---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "orcasecurity_business_unit Resource - orcasecurity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Business Unit resource. Please note that Shift Left business units are not yet supported in this Terraform Provider.
---

# orcasecurity_business_unit (Resource)

Provides a Business Unit resource. Please note that Shift Left business units are not yet supported in this Terraform Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
//Cloud Provider-based Business unit for AWS
resource "orcasecurity_business_unit" "business_unit_for_aws" {
  name = "AWS"

  shiftleft_filter_data = {
    shiftleft_project_id = [
      "c7257bec-9718-47c2-ade7-e08e7caa36e3"
    ]
  }

  filter_data = {
    cloud_provider = ["aws"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Business Unit name.

### Optional

- `filter_data` (Attributes) The filter to select the resources of the business unit. If you are creating a BU that only includes Shift Left resources (projects), this can be safely excluded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter_data))
- `global_filter` (Boolean) Whether or not this is a business unit all users within your Orca org can use. If set to true, then it is accessible to all other users in your org.
- `shiftleft_filter_data` (Attributes) The filter to select Shift Left resources for the business unit. If you are creating a BU that only includes Shift Left resources (projects), this can be safely excluded. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--shiftleft_filter_data))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Business Unit ID.

<a id="nestedatt--filter_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter_data`

Optional:

- `accounts_tags_info_list` (List of String) A list of at least 1 account tag, each provided as a string. The key and value should be separated by a vertical line (|), rather than a colon(:).
- `cloud_provider` (List of String) A list of at least 1 cloud provider, each provided as a string.
- `cloud_vendor_id` (List of String) A list of at least 1 cloud account #s, each provided as a string.
- `custom_tags` (List of String) A list of at least 1 custom tag, each provided as a string. The key and value should be separated by a vertical line (|), rather than a colon(:).
- `inventory_tags` (List of String) A list of at least 1 cloud tag, each provided as a string. The key and value should be separated by a vertical line (|), rather than a colon(:).


<a id="nestedatt--shiftleft_filter_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `shiftleft_filter_data`

Optional:

- `shiftleft_project_id` (List of String) A list of at least 1 Shift Left project IDs.


