---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "orcasecurity_custom_discovery_alert Resource - orcasecurity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a custom discovery-based alert.
---

# orcasecurity_custom_discovery_alert (Resource)

Provides a custom discovery-based alert.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (String) Category of the risk that the alert presents.
- `context_score` (Boolean) Allows Orca to adjust the score using asset context.
- `name` (String) Custom alert name.
- `orca_score` (Number) The base score of the alert.
- `severity` (Number) Alert severity.

### Optional

- `compliance_frameworks` (Attributes List) The custom compliance frameworks that this control relates to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compliance_frameworks))
- `description` (String) Custom alert description.
- `remediation_text` (Attributes) A container for the remediation instructions that will appear on the 'Remediation' tab for the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remediation_text))
- `rule_json` (String) The discovery query (JSON) used to define the rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Custom alert ID.
- `organization_id` (String) Identifier your Orca organization.
- `rule_type` (String) Custom alert rule type (unique, Orca-computed identifier).

<a id="nestedatt--compliance_frameworks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compliance_frameworks`

Required:

- `name` (String) Framework name.
- `priority` (String) Priority.
- `section` (String) Section.


<a id="nestedatt--remediation_text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remediation_text`

Required:

- `text` (String) The remediation instructions.

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) Show on all alerts of this alert type for all users.


