---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "orcasecurity_shift_left_cve_exception_list Resource - orcasecurity"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Shift Left CVE exception list resource. CVE Exception Lists allow you to ignore certain vulnerabilities that have been identified in scans of your Shift Left Projects. You can read more here https://docs.orcasecurity.io/docs/shift-left-security-managing-exceptions.
---

# orcasecurity_shift_left_cve_exception_list (Resource)

Provides a Shift Left CVE exception list resource. CVE Exception Lists allow you to ignore certain vulnerabilities that have been identified in scans of your Shift Left Projects. You can read more [here](https://docs.orcasecurity.io/docs/shift-left-security-managing-exceptions).

## Example Usage

```terraform
//Shift Left CVE Exception List
resource "orcasecurity_shift_left_cve_exception_list" "shiftleft_exception_list_1" {
  name        = "Exception List with Terraform"
  description = "Log4Shell Exception List"
  disabled    = false
  vulnerabilities = [
    {
      cve_id      = "cve-2021-44228"
      description = "log4shell"
      disabled    = false
      expiration  = "2024/09/25"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the exception list is disabled.
- `name` (String) Shift Left exception list name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Shift Left exception list description.
- `projects` (Attributes List) [Not yet supported] Projects to which this exception list applies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects))
- `vulnerabilities` (Attributes List) Vulnerabilities that compose this exception list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vulnerabilities))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Shift Left exception list ID.

<a id="nestedatt--projects"></a>

### Nested Schema for `projects`

Required:

- `id` (String) The project's ID.
- `key` (String) The project's key.
- `name` (String) The project's name.

<a id="nestedatt--vulnerabilities"></a>

### Nested Schema for `vulnerabilities`

Required:

- `cve_id` (String) CVE ID of the vulnerability to except.
- `description` (String) Description (or justification, if that's how you want to use this field) of this exception within the exception list.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not this vulnerability within the exception list is disabled.

Optional:

- `expiration` (String) Expiration date. Format should be "YYYY/MM/DD". To permanently exclude the vulnerability, do not use this field. To temporarily exclude the vulnerability, specify an Expiration Date. After this date, the vulnerability is no longer excluded.
- `repositories_urls` (List of String) [NOT YET SUPPORTED] Code repositories (identified by their URLs) to associate with this exception list.
